feat(Card, Form.Card, Wizard, StepIndicator): controlling card outset (#5157)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/extensions/forms/Wizard/Container/demos.mdx

```

<Examples.OnSubmitRequest />

### Outset and layout (Card.Provider)

> Like `<Form.Card>`, the container for the steps will be "outset" from the regular padding unless the wizard is
> inside a `<Card>` (of `<Form.Card>`) component.
> 
> This can be disabled by wrapping the area in a `<Card.Provider hasParentCard>` (or `<Form.Card.Provider hasParentCard>`) to tell all children
> to behave as if they are inside a `<Card>`. Or by setting `outset={false}`.
> 
> See more details in the [Form.Card "Outset" example](/uilib/extensions/forms/Form/Card/#outset) .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The wizard navigation area ([StepIndicator](/uilib/components/step-indicator/)) will "outset" (break out) from the layout using negative margins.

If the `Wizard.Container` is placed inside a parent `<Card>` or another wrapper that messes up with the layout, you can turn it off in two ways:

– Wrap the Wizard.Container in `<Form.Card.Provider hasParentCard>` to make all nested cards act like they’re inside a `<Card>`.
– Or set `outset={false}` on each card.

See the [Form.Card "Outset" example](/uilib/extensions/forms/Form/Card/#outset) for more details.
```

Author: Fixed, but with a small change, instead of 

"If the `Wizard.Container` is placed inside a parent `<Card>` or another wrapper that messes up with the layout, you can turn it off in two ways:"

it's:

"This outset is turned off if the `Wizard.Container` is placed inside a `<Card>`, but if placed in a different wrapper that messes with the layout, you can manually turn it off in two ways:"
